Add a comment about renamed element method to docs (#903)
mongodb/mongo-cxx-driver: docs/content/mongocxx-v3/tutorial.md

if(element.type() != bsoncxx::type::k_string) {
  // Error
}

> // For the previous versions of 3.7.0, use get_utf8 instead of get_string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// For the versions older than 3.7.0, use get_utf8 instead of get_string
```

Author: Yes looks great thanks
